I believe that if I can establish a peace agreement, I will be able to get the highest level of peace agreement,
and then I will be able to establish a part of peace agreement.
This is the purpose of the whole country.
So that the peace of the whole country can be fully restored step by step.
What is the problem?
What is the reason for the country to be free?
What is the reason for the peace?
I can also add one more thing.
Especially for Guangzhou,
the period of the 17th century,
it is necessary to return the Guangzhou tree to the people of Guangzhou.
Guangzhou has become a place of happiness
even before October last year.
This is a great goal that I have set for the people of Guangzhou tonight.
The people of Guangzhou, you can hear me say it tonight,
you can know that what I said is that peace can be achieved
if the conditions of peace are not met by the independent life of the country.
This kind of words is not my empty idea,
but can be used to prove the fact.
You are called by the alsoaker to complete the task.
You became the civilians of the place you helped to.
At that time, when accident happened,
all the people leaving the city immediately,
there were already burnt apart.
They are now dangerous again.
After the people you thought were workers of the country
How many people have been tortured and sacrificed?
After killing you all,
you still have to add all kinds of
bad names like Han Ming-yuan,
who couldn't die and couldn't be burned.
Why is that?
To be burned by the Japanese?
To be burned to death by the Japanese?
So I say that the Japanese are not the enemy of Japan.
They are the enemy of the Chinese people.